So now let's implement a simple example with the cash stocks.
So currently we cash two items regarding at least blog posts.
They would actually be for items because we also catch some users.
But let's say we'll give an example with the most commented blog posts and the blog post itself.
So when you go to the blog post this is actually being cached.
You can see here.
This only makes one query.
Now if you will go to the post controller and modify starting with the show action the way we access
the cache metals.
So instead of calling the methods directly you will add code to tax first and we will tag that using
their blog post tag.
So this is how you would access and store cache items for the blog post.
From now on.
So let's copy this fragment and change the way we access and store the cache everywhere else.
So let's remove that.
Here we also add a call to the tags.
Otherwise we just want to get the correct volume.
Also we have to modify it here.
Insight cache has the Haskell cache forever and cache increment.
And finally here in cache get.
Now let's also scroll to the top
and modify this code for the most commented blog post and well target with the blog post tab.
Now save the changes
and let's see.
So this should actually query the most commented blog posts so there are now cached.
Also if you will go into one of those blog posts they will also be cached.
So let's open a couple of the blog posts from the top mind that they might have different names on your
machine because this is basically being generated by the database seeder.
OK so we have some data cached.
Now let's try to run the database seeder.
So basically we now would have completely different data because we'll load that will generate doubt
using cedar which will generate a completely different data.
So I know it's not a finger you will do on your production environment but it is just to show you an
example.
How can we get rid of the old cache that should no longer be there.
We want to reset this all at once.
So first let's run peach bee artisan D.B. seed say yes and let us generate 20 users 50 blog posts and
hundred fifty comments so at this point we should have a completely different data inside our database.
So you should not see this title or those titles and the most commented blog post will have a completely
different name.
At this you shouldn't see those titles when you open the blog posts because when I will refer to the
page they will be different.
So let's do that let's refresh the page and now what you see here is completely different titles because
we have just generated those blog posts so this data now doesn't exist at all.
You can try that if you will copy this fragment and try to find it.
You can see it is only found here on the most common that blog posts even VOL if you will click it.
You can see that this blog post has a completely different title and it is because we have some old
cache that we haven't flushed now to actually achieve that.
We'll go to our database seeder.
So let's find a database folder
database folder database cedar.
So now what we can do here is
before we'll run our cedar or maybe after asking this questions we can use the cache phosphate mines
to select the correct one to get the correct out or import in Visual Studio code like dot and now what
we can do is we can also call it with tags provide the same tag name a blog post and call flash.
So now what this will do is it will remove all the items whenever they were cached or doesn't matter
in which place of your application and at what time they were cached.
All this cache with with the tag block post or at least with the tag blog post because those items can
have a couple of tags as we've seen in the previous lecture but now if you will call flash on that it
will remove all those items from the cache.
So now let's see what titles do we have.
And you can see that this is actually out of sync.
So whenever we last time when we have regenerated our seeder those were also still the old items.
So this wasn't regenerated on the visit to the to our blog post page where it should be.
So I mean this this wasn't regenerated because it failed it has already a cache for those items but
they were out of sync.
But at this point this has no way to know that those cache is not fresh anymore.
So let's run P2P artisan D.B. seed say yes
now let's use default values or 50 posts and hundred fifty comments.
So now that data is regenerated we should see different titles but also take a close look at what happens
at the right side of our page.
So those most comment and blog posts will now actually be regenerated because we have flash the cash
after we have basically loaded are completely set of the new completely new set of data to our database.
So let's refresh take a look at the right.
And you can see those are now completely different titles.
So if you will visit them you will see that the title reflects what you can see on the box on the right
of the most commented blog posts.
So obviously this is just an example you would not be loading data using data by Cedar on your product
production environments.
It makes no sense basically but there might be a case where you would like to reset all the cash that
is being associated with a certain tack for whatever reasons that might be that you've made some changes
to your database schema and you need to load some new data.
And this would be an easy way to do it at once using this simple command that can remove all the cache
regarding that is associated with our particular tag.
So as I've said one of the good examples could be that for example blog post database schema schema
has changed.
Now it has some new fields and your cash only contains the fields that were inside your blog post model
before you made that change to the schema.
And that's way using tax you can easily clear all this cash at once.